the faculty	教师（集合名词）
 take no pride in	 一点儿都不感到自豪
The painless solution is to drop out。	最省事的办法就是中途退出（不修这门课）。
failure marks you	失败是会给你留下记录的。
Confronting difficulty by quitting	遇到困难就放弃
quitters are no heroes.	知难而退的人绝不是英雄
 routine and slipshod presentation	乏味而马虎的课堂报告
 look back on honor grades	回想一下高分
Grades can have meant little in distinguishing the excellent from the ordinary.	分数并不能作为区分优秀学生与学业平平的学生的依据。
ill-advised	 不明智的 
create an altogether forgiving world	创造了一个完全宽容的世界
slight effort	一点微不足道的努力
When you did not keep appointments, we made new ones. 	当你们没有按约定的时间赴约时，我们就再约时间。
Your work came in beyond the deadline.	你没有按时交作业。
worse still	更糟糕的是
When you were garrulous and talked to hear yourselves talk	当你们喋喋不休、不知所云时
labor upon	为......花心思
When you were predictable, unimaginative and routine	当你们老生常谈、毫无想象力、平淡乏味时
demand free lunch	想要不劳而获
despite your fantasies	对这一切尽管你们可以想入非非
It is conventional to	往往习惯于
College has spoiled you	大学毁了你们
ill-informed 	孤陋寡闻的
Collge has failed you by being easy, free, forgiving, attentive, comfortable, interesting, unchallengingfun. 	大学成了一个轻松的、自由的、包容的、体贴的、舒适的、充满乐趣的、毫无挑战性的好玩的地方。但正因如此，它没有对你们尽到责任。
on this commencement day	在今天进行毕业典礼之际
act toward your co-workers	对待你们的同事
 Don’t act out with them your parlous relationships with your parents.	不要让你们与父母之间的那种糟糕的关系在他们身上重演
peer-paralyzed adolescents	 只能在同龄人的眼中找到自我的年轻人
be rid of you	摆脱你们
Unlearn the lies we taught you.	忘记我们教给你们的这些谎言。
should have taken a closer look at	该对...做更进一步的审视
before formulating such a strong opinion about it. 	在表达这么强烈的观点之前
all the pressures and hard times students go through to make it at college	为了学业成功而经受的一切压力与艰辛
as Neusner puts it	如纽斯纳说的那样
pop into my mind	涌现到我脑海中
make crucial decisions	做重要决定
budget our time	计划时间
broaden our view of the world itself	开阔了我们的视野
a crowded triple room!	一个拥挤的三人间
we can supposedly get away with mistakes easily	据称我们犯了错误可以轻而易举地逃脱惩罚
I have news for him. 	我要告诉他的是
 your chances of ... are almost none	几乎不可能
grade-point average	平均积分点
When the going gets tough, the tough have to get down to work.	当学习紧张时，本来刻苦学习的学生也得更加努力地学习。
by no means	绝不
 when deadlines are not kept	当学生没有按时交作业
tons of readings,	繁重的阅读任务
one-day reading period before finals,  papers, and midterms due the same week	集中在一个星期里进行的期中考试
教师（集合名词）	the faculty
 一点儿都不感到自豪	 take no pride in
最省事的办法就是中途退出（不修这门课）。	The painless solution is to drop out。
失败是会给你留下记录的。	failure marks you
遇到困难就放弃	Confronting difficulty by quitting
知难而退的人绝不是英雄	quitters are no heroes.
乏味而马虎的课堂报告	 routine and slipshod presentation
回想一下高分	 look back on honor grades
分数并不能作为区分优秀学生与学业平平的学生的依据。	Grades can have meant little in distinguishing the excellent from the ordinary.
 不明智的 	ill-advised
创造了一个完全宽容的世界	create an altogether forgiving world
一点微不足道的努力	slight effort
当你们没有按约定的时间赴约时，我们就再约时间。	When you did not keep appointments, we made new ones. 
你没有按时交作业。	Your work came in beyond the deadline.
更糟糕的是	worse still
当你们喋喋不休、不知所云时	When you were garrulous and talked to hear yourselves talk
为......花心思	labor upon
当你们老生常谈、毫无想象力、平淡乏味时	When you were predictable, unimaginative and routine
想要不劳而获	demand free lunch
对这一切尽管你们可以想入非非	despite your fantasies
往往习惯于	It is conventional to
大学毁了你们	College has spoiled you
孤陋寡闻的	ill-informed 
大学成了一个轻松的、自由的、包容的、体贴的、舒适的、充满乐趣的、毫无挑战性的好玩的地方。但正因如此，它没有对你们尽到责任。	Collge has failed you by being easy, free, forgiving, attentive, comfortable, interesting, unchallengingfun. 
在今天进行毕业典礼之际	on this commencement day
对待你们的同事	act toward your co-workers
不要让你们与父母之间的那种糟糕的关系在他们身上重演	 Don’t act out with them your parlous relationships with your parents.
 只能在同龄人的眼中找到自我的年轻人	peer-paralyzed adolescents
摆脱你们	be rid of you
忘记我们教给你们的这些谎言。	Unlearn the lies we taught you.
该对...做更进一步的审视	should have taken a closer look at
在表达这么强烈的观点之前	before formulating such a strong opinion about it. 
为了学业成功而经受的一切压力与艰辛	all the pressures and hard times students go through to make it at college
如纽斯纳说的那样	as Neusner puts it
涌现到我脑海中	pop into my mind
做重要决定	make crucial decisions
计划时间	budget our time
开阔了我们的视野	broaden our view of the world itself
一个拥挤的三人间	a crowded triple room!
据称我们犯了错误可以轻而易举地逃脱惩罚	we can supposedly get away with mistakes easily
我要告诉他的是	I have news for him. 
几乎不可能	 your chances of ... are almost none
平均积分点	grade-point average
当学习紧张时，本来刻苦学习的学生也得更加努力地学习。	When the going gets tough, the tough have to get down to work.
绝不	by no means
当学生没有按时交作业	 when deadlines are not kept
繁重的阅读任务	tons of readings,
集中在一个星期里进行的期中考试	one-day reading period before finals,  papers, and midterms due the same week
take a marketing class	选...课
made some predictions	做了一些预测
Visualize a jack-o'-lantern	想象一个南瓜灯
made us sweat all semester.	让我们整个学期都感到很焦虑
He taunted and jeered at us and called us stupid	他嘲弄、讥讽我们，并且骂我们笨
The final exam was scheduled for the second-to-last week of the semester	期末考试被（建议不要被字）安排在学期的倒数第二周
proceeded to 	然后
an electronic rat trap	电子捕鼠器
 market products	营销产品
arched his eyebrow	扬起眉毛
there was a catch.	这里一定有什么陷阱
there was a trick to this	有花招
we'd be too silly to catch it.	我们太笨了想不到
Write the report, briefly explaining that this was not marketable, cut your losses and move on to something practical.	写报告吧，简要说明这个产品没法卖，及早脱手以减少损失，然后开始做切实可行的事情。
packing up my things	收拾东西
looked up to catch Mr. Wickert looking at me with a smug, evil leer.	一抬头正看到维克特先生带着自鸣得意又不怀好意的表情看着我
smiling broadly	满脸笑容地
we had the dimensions	我们知道它的尺寸
I contemplated the problem some more. And more. And more.	我对这个问题逐渐深思起来，越想越深入。
industrial facilities	工业设施
 this huge device	这个大家伙。
cut into the revenues of exterminators. 	会减少职业灭虫害者的收入
Better still	那就更好了
And off I went.	于是我便开始答题。
developed a 20-page marketing plan	完成了一个二十页的营销方案
missed the whole point	没答到点子上
glared pointedly at me.	尖锐地注视着我
He handed out the graded finals and the groans were audible.	他将打了分的期末考卷发给我们，同学们发出了不满的抱怨
t if you took the lazy way out, it would cost you.	偷懒就要付出代价
a slam dunk	轻而易举的事
 I took the case straight out of the textbook. Verbatim.	这道题就是我直接从课本上找的。
 You could hear the sound of pages rustling as we frantically searched the textbook and the index, looking for the case.	我们手忙脚乱地翻着课本，查着索引，寻找着这个案例，你可以听到翻动书页发出的沙沙声（注意翻译的顺序）
 there was dead silence	一片死寂
Oddly enough,	说也奇怪
 and vice versa.	反之毅然
took the information out of the book	从课本上找到了答案
 reasoned it out on her own.	费了很大力气，自己想出了答案。
it would have saved me time and embarrassment.	将会为我节约时间并令我免受尴尬。
I had thought it through and come up with the correct answer.	我自己想通了，并且给出了正确答案。
 push us young students into thinking?	促使我们进行独立思考
Even to this day	时至今日
 secretly proud of me	暗自为我感到骄傲
选...课	take a marketing class
做了一些预测	made some predictions
想象一个南瓜灯	Visualize a jack-o'-lantern
让我们整个学期都感到很焦虑	made us sweat all semester.
他嘲弄、讥讽我们，并且骂我们笨	He taunted and jeered at us and called us stupid
期末考试被（建议不要被字）安排在学期的倒数第二周	The final exam was scheduled for the second-to-last week of the semester
然后	proceeded to 
电子捕鼠器	an electronic rat trap
营销产品	 market products
扬起眉毛	arched his eyebrow
这里一定有什么陷阱	there was a catch.
有花招	there was a trick to this
我们太笨了想不到	we'd be too silly to catch it.
写报告吧，简要说明这个产品没法卖，及早脱手以减少损失，然后开始做切实可行的事情。	Write the report, briefly explaining that this was not marketable, cut your losses and move on to something practical.
收拾东西	packing up my things
一抬头正看到维克特先生带着自鸣得意又不怀好意的表情看着我	looked up to catch Mr. Wickert looking at me with a smug, evil leer.
满脸笑容地	smiling broadly
我们知道它的尺寸	we had the dimensions
我对这个问题逐渐深思起来，越想越深入。	I contemplated the problem some more. And more. And more.
工业设施	industrial facilities
这个大家伙。	 this huge device
会减少职业灭虫害者的收入	cut into the revenues of exterminators. 
那就更好了	Better still
于是我便开始答题。	And off I went.
完成了一个二十页的营销方案	developed a 20-page marketing plan
没答到点子上	missed the whole point
尖锐地注视着我	glared pointedly at me.
他将打了分的期末考卷发给我们，同学们发出了不满的抱怨	He handed out the graded finals and the groans were audible.
偷懒就要付出代价	t if you took the lazy way out, it would cost you.
轻而易举的事	a slam dunk
这道题就是我直接从课本上找的。	 I took the case straight out of the textbook. Verbatim.
我们手忙脚乱地翻着课本，查着索引，寻找着这个案例，你可以听到翻动书页发出的沙沙声（注意翻译的顺序）	 You could hear the sound of pages rustling as we frantically searched the textbook and the index, looking for the case.
一片死寂	 there was dead silence
说也奇怪	Oddly enough,
反之毅然	 and vice versa.
从课本上找到了答案	took the information out of the book
费了很大力气，自己想出了答案。	 reasoned it out on her own.
将会为我节约时间并令我免受尴尬。	it would have saved me time and embarrassment.
我自己想通了，并且给出了正确答案。	I had thought it through and come up with the correct answer.
促使我们进行独立思考	 push us young students into thinking?
时至今日	Even to this day
暗自为我感到骄傲	 secretly proud of me
